painter put your brush to capturing my
wife she's a rare beauty ma'am don't
move you've caught her beauty sir
as well as her innocence and purity
you've stolen my heart can you stolen
mine I could take you away he would find
us he will not stop looking for me
unless I was dead lord I pray that my
wife shall be not of corruptible seed
but of incorruptible
what is that I'm gonna have a baby if
you throw me out I'll tell you off
before you've been up to
you've been busy but we're not painting
first to flower first to fall what's
matter
she knows about us am I gonna do I made
a plan to save us birth
are you mad you must trust me if we sink
we think together
there's nothing without risk
never underestimate God he forgets
nothing it's fine
you to really think I'll carry this off
we will get together
[Music]
you